# CustconfConfiguration

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccessLogs** | Pointer to [**CustconfAccessLogs**](custconfAccessLogs.md) |  | [optional] 
**AccessLogsConfig** | Pointer to [**CustconfAccessLogsConfig**](custconfAccessLogsConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthACL** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthACL**](custconfAuthACL.md) | IP address restrictions allow you to configure your CDN container to grant or deny a specific IP addresses or range of IP addresses from accessing content cached in a directory in your CDN container. | [optional] 
**AuthGeo** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthGeo**](custconfAuthGeo.md) | Geographic restrictions allow you to restrict content to end users in specific locations. The IP address of incoming requests is checked against a current list of IP allocations to countries and to states within the US. If an end user&#39;s IP address is not found in the list, they are allowed access to the content by default. The feature has both an Include and an Exclude list which are used to target the allowed audience. | [optional] 
**AuthHttpBasic** | Pointer to [**CustconfAuthHttpBasic**](custconfAuthHttpBasic.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthReferer** | Pointer to [**CustconfAuthReferer**](custconfAuthReferer.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSign** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSign**](custconfAuthUrlSign.md) | URL Signing policies allow you to restrict access to your content by configuring a \&quot;shared secret\&quot; with StackPath. This \&quot;shared secret\&quot; is used to apply an MD5 hashing algorithm on the URL to validate the signature supplied on the request. Since the \&quot;shared secret\&quot; is only known by the publisher and StackPath, URL signatures cannot be generated by unauthorized users. | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSignAliCloudA** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudA**](custconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudA.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSignAliCloudB** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudB**](custconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudB.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSignAliCloudC** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudC**](custconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudC.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSignHmacTlu** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSignHmacTlu**](custconfAuthUrlSignHmacTlu.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlSignIq** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlSignIq**](custconfAuthUrlSignIq.md) |  | [optional] 
**AuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu**](custconfAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu.md) |  | [optional] 
**BandWidthLimit** | Pointer to [**CustconfBandWidthLimit**](custconfBandWidthLimit.md) |  | [optional] 
**BandwidthRateLimit** | Pointer to [**CustconfBandwidthRateLimit**](custconfBandwidthRateLimit.md) |  | [optional] 
**BypassCache** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfBypassCache**](custconfBypassCache.md) | Bypass content caching on filter match | [optional] 
**CacheControl** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfCacheControl**](custconfCacheControl.md) | The browser caching policy allows you to control the browser caching behavior of your assets independently from the CDN cache. For example, this policy allows you to set lower or higher TTLs for the browser than those of the CDN cache. | [optional] 
**CacheKeyModification** | Pointer to [**CustconfCacheKeyModification**](custconfCacheKeyModification.md) |  | [optional] 
**ClientRequestModification** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfClientRequestModification**](custconfClientRequestModification.md) |  | [optional] 
**ClientResponseModification** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfClientResponseModification**](custconfClientResponseModification.md) |  | [optional] 
**Compression** | Pointer to [**CustconfCompression**](custconfCompression.md) |  | [optional] 
**ContentDispositionByURL** | Pointer to [**CustconfContentDispositionByURL**](custconfContentDispositionByURL.md) |  | [optional] 
**ContentDispositionByHeader** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfContentDispositionByHeader**](custconfContentDispositionByHeader.md) | The content disposition by HTTP header match policy allows you to control the Content-Disposition delivered by the CDN using a pattern match against the value of any HTTP header present in the request. If you are using URL query string parameters to control the Content-Disposition header (using the Content Disposition by URL policy) then the Content-Disposition header generated by this policy will not be used on that specific request. A typical use case for this policy is to set a different Content-Disposition header based on the User-Agent in the request. | [optional] 
**Customer** | Pointer to [**CustconfCustomer**](custconfCustomer.md) |  | [optional] 
**CustomHeader** | Pointer to [**CustconfCustomHeader**](custconfCustomHeader.md) |  | [optional] 
**CustomMimeType** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfCustomMimeType**](custconfCustomMimeType.md) | The custom mime type policy allows you to map file extensions to specific mime types for the CDN caching servers to use when delivering assets. The mime types you map using this policy may also be limited to specific response codes to address scenarios in which the mime type changes based on the response code. | [optional] 
**DynamicCacheRule** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfDynamicCacheRule**](custconfDynamicCacheRule.md) | Client response based on Rules. | [optional] 
**DynamicContent** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfDynamicContent**](custconfDynamicContent.md) | The dynamic content caching policy allows you to specify a set of query string and/or HTTP header key/value pairs that should create a unique cache entry for a given URL. This policy is useful when your origin returns unique content for the same URL based on a set of query string parameters provided in the request. | [optional] 
**FailSafeOriginPull** | Pointer to [**CustconfFailSafeOriginPull**](custconfFailSafeOriginPull.md) |  | [optional] 
**FarAheadRangeProxy** | Pointer to [**CustconfFarAheadRangeProxy**](custconfFarAheadRangeProxy.md) |  | [optional] 
**FileSegmentation** | Pointer to [**CustconfFileSegmentation**](custconfFileSegmentation.md) |  | [optional] 
**FlvPseudoStreaming** | Pointer to [**CustconfFlvPseudoStreaming**](custconfFlvPseudoStreaming.md) |  | [optional] 
**GzipOriginPull** | Pointer to [**CustconfGzipOriginPull**](custconfGzipOriginPull.md) |  | [optional] 
**HttpMethods** | Pointer to [**CustconfHttpMethods**](custconfHttpMethods.md) |  | [optional] 
**Origin** | Pointer to [**[]CdncustconfOrigin**](cdncustconfOrigin.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPersistentConnections** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPersistentConnections**](custconfOriginPersistentConnections.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPull** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPull**](custconfOriginPull.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullCacheExtension** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPullCacheExtension**](custconfOriginPullCacheExtension.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullHost** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfOriginPullHost**](custconfOriginPullHost.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullProtocol** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPullProtocol**](custconfOriginPullProtocol.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullLogs** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPullLogs**](custconfOriginPullLogs.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullLogsConfig** | Pointer to [**CustconfOriginPullLogsConfig**](custconfOriginPullLogsConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullPolicy** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfOriginPullPolicy**](custconfOriginPullPolicy.md) | The CDN caching policy allows you to control how your origin&#39;s content is cached on the CDN. | [optional] 
**OriginRequestModification** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfOriginRequestModification**](custconfOriginRequestModification.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginResponseModification** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfOriginResponseModification**](custconfOriginResponseModification.md) |  | [optional] 
**QueryStrParam** | Pointer to [**CustconfQueryStrParam**](custconfQueryStrParam.md) |  | [optional] 
**ReceiptLogsConfig** | Pointer to [**CustconfReceiptLogsConfig**](custconfReceiptLogsConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**RedirectExceptions** | Pointer to [**CustconfRedirectExceptions**](custconfRedirectExceptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**RedirectMappings** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfRedirectMappings**](custconfRedirectMappings.md) | The response code redirection policy allows you to map cache response codes to an HTTP redirect response. When this policy is applied to a host, the caching servers will redirect clients to the URL specified in this policy instead of delivering the response code you mapped in the policy. | [optional] 
**ResponseHeader** | Pointer to [**CustconfResponseHeader**](custconfResponseHeader.md) |  | [optional] 
**OriginPullResumeDownload** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfOriginPullResumeDownload**](custconfOriginPullResumeDownload.md) | The CDN attempts to resume downloading Origin Pulls once it successfully reads all the headers of a positive response under certain conditions by sending subsequent origin range requests for the remaining body. The response must be a 2xx to a GET request for the full file or a single range (not multi-range). The response must contain the Last-Modified and ETag headers. | [optional] 
**RobotsTxt** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfRobotsTxt**](custconfRobotsTxt.md) |  | [optional] 
**AwsSignedOriginPullV4** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAwsSignedOriginPullV4**](custconfAwsSignedOriginPullV4.md) |  | [optional] 
**AwsSignedS3PostV4** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfAwsSignedS3PostV4**](custconfAwsSignedS3PostV4.md) |  | [optional] 
**StaticHeader** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfStaticHeader**](custconfStaticHeader.md) | The static header injection policy allows you to insert headers into the CDN request and response processor. | [optional] 
**TimePseudoStreaming** | Pointer to [**CustconfTimePseudoStreaming**](custconfTimePseudoStreaming.md) |  | [optional] 
**Http2Support** | Pointer to [**CustconfHttp2Support**](custconfHttp2Support.md) |  | [optional] 
**VHost** | Pointer to [**[]CustconfVHost**](custconfVHost.md) | A hostname policy allows you to specify an alternate domain name that you want to use to access content from your CDN container. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCustconfConfiguration

`func NewCustconfConfiguration() *CustconfConfiguration`

NewCustconfConfiguration instantiates a new CustconfConfiguration object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCustconfConfigurationWithDefaults

`func NewCustconfConfigurationWithDefaults() *CustconfConfiguration`

NewCustconfConfigurationWithDefaults instantiates a new CustconfConfiguration object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccessLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAccessLogs() CustconfAccessLogs`

GetAccessLogs returns the AccessLogs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessLogsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAccessLogsOk() (*CustconfAccessLogs, bool)`

GetAccessLogsOk returns a tuple with the AccessLogs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAccessLogs(v CustconfAccessLogs)`

SetAccessLogs sets AccessLogs field to given value.

### HasAccessLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAccessLogs() bool`

HasAccessLogs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAccessLogsConfig() CustconfAccessLogsConfig`

GetAccessLogsConfig returns the AccessLogsConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessLogsConfigOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAccessLogsConfigOk() (*CustconfAccessLogsConfig, bool)`

GetAccessLogsConfigOk returns a tuple with the AccessLogsConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAccessLogsConfig(v CustconfAccessLogsConfig)`

SetAccessLogsConfig sets AccessLogsConfig field to given value.

### HasAccessLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAccessLogsConfig() bool`

HasAccessLogsConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthACL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthACL() []CustconfAuthACL`

GetAuthACL returns the AuthACL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthACLOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthACLOk() (*[]CustconfAuthACL, bool)`

GetAuthACLOk returns a tuple with the AuthACL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthACL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthACL(v []CustconfAuthACL)`

SetAuthACL sets AuthACL field to given value.

### HasAuthACL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthACL() bool`

HasAuthACL returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthGeo

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthGeo() []CustconfAuthGeo`

GetAuthGeo returns the AuthGeo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthGeoOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthGeoOk() (*[]CustconfAuthGeo, bool)`

GetAuthGeoOk returns a tuple with the AuthGeo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthGeo

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthGeo(v []CustconfAuthGeo)`

SetAuthGeo sets AuthGeo field to given value.

### HasAuthGeo

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthGeo() bool`

HasAuthGeo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthHttpBasic

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthHttpBasic() CustconfAuthHttpBasic`

GetAuthHttpBasic returns the AuthHttpBasic field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthHttpBasicOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthHttpBasicOk() (*CustconfAuthHttpBasic, bool)`

GetAuthHttpBasicOk returns a tuple with the AuthHttpBasic field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthHttpBasic

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthHttpBasic(v CustconfAuthHttpBasic)`

SetAuthHttpBasic sets AuthHttpBasic field to given value.

### HasAuthHttpBasic

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthHttpBasic() bool`

HasAuthHttpBasic returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthReferer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthReferer() CustconfAuthReferer`

GetAuthReferer returns the AuthReferer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthRefererOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthRefererOk() (*CustconfAuthReferer, bool)`

GetAuthRefererOk returns a tuple with the AuthReferer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthReferer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthReferer(v CustconfAuthReferer)`

SetAuthReferer sets AuthReferer field to given value.

### HasAuthReferer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthReferer() bool`

HasAuthReferer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSign

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSign() []CustconfAuthUrlSign`

GetAuthUrlSign returns the AuthUrlSign field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSign, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSign field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSign

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSign(v []CustconfAuthUrlSign)`

SetAuthUrlSign sets AuthUrlSign field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSign

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSign() bool`

HasAuthUrlSign returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA() []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudA`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA returns the AuthUrlSignAliCloudA field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudAOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudAOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudA, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudAOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSignAliCloudA field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA(v []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudA)`

SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudA sets AuthUrlSignAliCloudA field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudA

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudA() bool`

HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudA returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB() []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudB`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB returns the AuthUrlSignAliCloudB field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudBOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudBOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudB, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudBOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSignAliCloudB field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB(v []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudB)`

SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudB sets AuthUrlSignAliCloudB field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudB

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudB() bool`

HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudB returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC() []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudC`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC returns the AuthUrlSignAliCloudC field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudCOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudCOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudC, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignAliCloudCOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSignAliCloudC field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC(v []CustconfAuthUrlSignAliCloudC)`

SetAuthUrlSignAliCloudC sets AuthUrlSignAliCloudC field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudC

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudC() bool`

HasAuthUrlSignAliCloudC returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu() []CustconfAuthUrlSignHmacTlu`

GetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu returns the AuthUrlSignHmacTlu field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignHmacTluOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignHmacTluOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSignHmacTlu, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignHmacTluOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSignHmacTlu field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu(v []CustconfAuthUrlSignHmacTlu)`

SetAuthUrlSignHmacTlu sets AuthUrlSignHmacTlu field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSignHmacTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSignHmacTlu() bool`

HasAuthUrlSignHmacTlu returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlSignIq

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignIq() []CustconfAuthUrlSignIq`

GetAuthUrlSignIq returns the AuthUrlSignIq field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlSignIqOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlSignIqOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlSignIq, bool)`

GetAuthUrlSignIqOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlSignIq field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlSignIq

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlSignIq(v []CustconfAuthUrlSignIq)`

SetAuthUrlSignIq sets AuthUrlSignIq field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlSignIq

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlSignIq() bool`

HasAuthUrlSignIq returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu() []CustconfAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu`

GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu returns the AuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTluOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTluOk() (*[]CustconfAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu, bool)`

GetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTluOk returns a tuple with the AuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu(v []CustconfAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu)`

SetAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu sets AuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu field to given value.

### HasAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu() bool`

HasAuthUrlAsymmetricSignTlu returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBandWidthLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBandWidthLimit() CustconfBandWidthLimit`

GetBandWidthLimit returns the BandWidthLimit field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBandWidthLimitOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBandWidthLimitOk() (*CustconfBandWidthLimit, bool)`

GetBandWidthLimitOk returns a tuple with the BandWidthLimit field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBandWidthLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetBandWidthLimit(v CustconfBandWidthLimit)`

SetBandWidthLimit sets BandWidthLimit field to given value.

### HasBandWidthLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasBandWidthLimit() bool`

HasBandWidthLimit returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBandwidthRateLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBandwidthRateLimit() CustconfBandwidthRateLimit`

GetBandwidthRateLimit returns the BandwidthRateLimit field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBandwidthRateLimitOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBandwidthRateLimitOk() (*CustconfBandwidthRateLimit, bool)`

GetBandwidthRateLimitOk returns a tuple with the BandwidthRateLimit field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBandwidthRateLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetBandwidthRateLimit(v CustconfBandwidthRateLimit)`

SetBandwidthRateLimit sets BandwidthRateLimit field to given value.

### HasBandwidthRateLimit

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasBandwidthRateLimit() bool`

HasBandwidthRateLimit returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBypassCache

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBypassCache() []CustconfBypassCache`

GetBypassCache returns the BypassCache field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBypassCacheOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetBypassCacheOk() (*[]CustconfBypassCache, bool)`

GetBypassCacheOk returns a tuple with the BypassCache field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBypassCache

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetBypassCache(v []CustconfBypassCache)`

SetBypassCache sets BypassCache field to given value.

### HasBypassCache

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasBypassCache() bool`

HasBypassCache returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCacheControl

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCacheControl() []CustconfCacheControl`

GetCacheControl returns the CacheControl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCacheControlOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCacheControlOk() (*[]CustconfCacheControl, bool)`

GetCacheControlOk returns a tuple with the CacheControl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCacheControl

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCacheControl(v []CustconfCacheControl)`

SetCacheControl sets CacheControl field to given value.

### HasCacheControl

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCacheControl() bool`

HasCacheControl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCacheKeyModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCacheKeyModification() CustconfCacheKeyModification`

GetCacheKeyModification returns the CacheKeyModification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCacheKeyModificationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCacheKeyModificationOk() (*CustconfCacheKeyModification, bool)`

GetCacheKeyModificationOk returns a tuple with the CacheKeyModification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCacheKeyModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCacheKeyModification(v CustconfCacheKeyModification)`

SetCacheKeyModification sets CacheKeyModification field to given value.

### HasCacheKeyModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCacheKeyModification() bool`

HasCacheKeyModification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetClientRequestModification() []CustconfClientRequestModification`

GetClientRequestModification returns the ClientRequestModification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientRequestModificationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetClientRequestModificationOk() (*[]CustconfClientRequestModification, bool)`

GetClientRequestModificationOk returns a tuple with the ClientRequestModification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetClientRequestModification(v []CustconfClientRequestModification)`

SetClientRequestModification sets ClientRequestModification field to given value.

### HasClientRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasClientRequestModification() bool`

HasClientRequestModification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetClientResponseModification() []CustconfClientResponseModification`

GetClientResponseModification returns the ClientResponseModification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientResponseModificationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetClientResponseModificationOk() (*[]CustconfClientResponseModification, bool)`

GetClientResponseModificationOk returns a tuple with the ClientResponseModification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetClientResponseModification(v []CustconfClientResponseModification)`

SetClientResponseModification sets ClientResponseModification field to given value.

### HasClientResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasClientResponseModification() bool`

HasClientResponseModification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompression

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCompression() CustconfCompression`

GetCompression returns the Compression field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompressionOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCompressionOk() (*CustconfCompression, bool)`

GetCompressionOk returns a tuple with the Compression field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompression

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCompression(v CustconfCompression)`

SetCompression sets Compression field to given value.

### HasCompression

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCompression() bool`

HasCompression returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContentDispositionByURL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetContentDispositionByURL() CustconfContentDispositionByURL`

GetContentDispositionByURL returns the ContentDispositionByURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContentDispositionByURLOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetContentDispositionByURLOk() (*CustconfContentDispositionByURL, bool)`

GetContentDispositionByURLOk returns a tuple with the ContentDispositionByURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContentDispositionByURL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetContentDispositionByURL(v CustconfContentDispositionByURL)`

SetContentDispositionByURL sets ContentDispositionByURL field to given value.

### HasContentDispositionByURL

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasContentDispositionByURL() bool`

HasContentDispositionByURL returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContentDispositionByHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetContentDispositionByHeader() []CustconfContentDispositionByHeader`

GetContentDispositionByHeader returns the ContentDispositionByHeader field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContentDispositionByHeaderOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetContentDispositionByHeaderOk() (*[]CustconfContentDispositionByHeader, bool)`

GetContentDispositionByHeaderOk returns a tuple with the ContentDispositionByHeader field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContentDispositionByHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetContentDispositionByHeader(v []CustconfContentDispositionByHeader)`

SetContentDispositionByHeader sets ContentDispositionByHeader field to given value.

### HasContentDispositionByHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasContentDispositionByHeader() bool`

HasContentDispositionByHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomer() CustconfCustomer`

GetCustomer returns the Customer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomerOk() (*CustconfCustomer, bool)`

GetCustomerOk returns a tuple with the Customer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCustomer(v CustconfCustomer)`

SetCustomer sets Customer field to given value.

### HasCustomer

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCustomer() bool`

HasCustomer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomHeader() CustconfCustomHeader`

GetCustomHeader returns the CustomHeader field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomHeaderOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomHeaderOk() (*CustconfCustomHeader, bool)`

GetCustomHeaderOk returns a tuple with the CustomHeader field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCustomHeader(v CustconfCustomHeader)`

SetCustomHeader sets CustomHeader field to given value.

### HasCustomHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCustomHeader() bool`

HasCustomHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomMimeType

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomMimeType() []CustconfCustomMimeType`

GetCustomMimeType returns the CustomMimeType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomMimeTypeOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetCustomMimeTypeOk() (*[]CustconfCustomMimeType, bool)`

GetCustomMimeTypeOk returns a tuple with the CustomMimeType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomMimeType

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetCustomMimeType(v []CustconfCustomMimeType)`

SetCustomMimeType sets CustomMimeType field to given value.

### HasCustomMimeType

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasCustomMimeType() bool`

HasCustomMimeType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDynamicCacheRule

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetDynamicCacheRule() []CustconfDynamicCacheRule`

GetDynamicCacheRule returns the DynamicCacheRule field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDynamicCacheRuleOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetDynamicCacheRuleOk() (*[]CustconfDynamicCacheRule, bool)`

GetDynamicCacheRuleOk returns a tuple with the DynamicCacheRule field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDynamicCacheRule

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetDynamicCacheRule(v []CustconfDynamicCacheRule)`

SetDynamicCacheRule sets DynamicCacheRule field to given value.

### HasDynamicCacheRule

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasDynamicCacheRule() bool`

HasDynamicCacheRule returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDynamicContent

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetDynamicContent() []CustconfDynamicContent`

GetDynamicContent returns the DynamicContent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDynamicContentOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetDynamicContentOk() (*[]CustconfDynamicContent, bool)`

GetDynamicContentOk returns a tuple with the DynamicContent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDynamicContent

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetDynamicContent(v []CustconfDynamicContent)`

SetDynamicContent sets DynamicContent field to given value.

### HasDynamicContent

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasDynamicContent() bool`

HasDynamicContent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFailSafeOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFailSafeOriginPull() CustconfFailSafeOriginPull`

GetFailSafeOriginPull returns the FailSafeOriginPull field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailSafeOriginPullOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFailSafeOriginPullOk() (*CustconfFailSafeOriginPull, bool)`

GetFailSafeOriginPullOk returns a tuple with the FailSafeOriginPull field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailSafeOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetFailSafeOriginPull(v CustconfFailSafeOriginPull)`

SetFailSafeOriginPull sets FailSafeOriginPull field to given value.

### HasFailSafeOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasFailSafeOriginPull() bool`

HasFailSafeOriginPull returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFarAheadRangeProxy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFarAheadRangeProxy() CustconfFarAheadRangeProxy`

GetFarAheadRangeProxy returns the FarAheadRangeProxy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFarAheadRangeProxyOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFarAheadRangeProxyOk() (*CustconfFarAheadRangeProxy, bool)`

GetFarAheadRangeProxyOk returns a tuple with the FarAheadRangeProxy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFarAheadRangeProxy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetFarAheadRangeProxy(v CustconfFarAheadRangeProxy)`

SetFarAheadRangeProxy sets FarAheadRangeProxy field to given value.

### HasFarAheadRangeProxy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasFarAheadRangeProxy() bool`

HasFarAheadRangeProxy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFileSegmentation

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFileSegmentation() CustconfFileSegmentation`

GetFileSegmentation returns the FileSegmentation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFileSegmentationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFileSegmentationOk() (*CustconfFileSegmentation, bool)`

GetFileSegmentationOk returns a tuple with the FileSegmentation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFileSegmentation

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetFileSegmentation(v CustconfFileSegmentation)`

SetFileSegmentation sets FileSegmentation field to given value.

### HasFileSegmentation

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasFileSegmentation() bool`

HasFileSegmentation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFlvPseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFlvPseudoStreaming() CustconfFlvPseudoStreaming`

GetFlvPseudoStreaming returns the FlvPseudoStreaming field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFlvPseudoStreamingOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetFlvPseudoStreamingOk() (*CustconfFlvPseudoStreaming, bool)`

GetFlvPseudoStreamingOk returns a tuple with the FlvPseudoStreaming field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFlvPseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetFlvPseudoStreaming(v CustconfFlvPseudoStreaming)`

SetFlvPseudoStreaming sets FlvPseudoStreaming field to given value.

### HasFlvPseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasFlvPseudoStreaming() bool`

HasFlvPseudoStreaming returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGzipOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetGzipOriginPull() CustconfGzipOriginPull`

GetGzipOriginPull returns the GzipOriginPull field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGzipOriginPullOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetGzipOriginPullOk() (*CustconfGzipOriginPull, bool)`

GetGzipOriginPullOk returns a tuple with the GzipOriginPull field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGzipOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetGzipOriginPull(v CustconfGzipOriginPull)`

SetGzipOriginPull sets GzipOriginPull field to given value.

### HasGzipOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasGzipOriginPull() bool`

HasGzipOriginPull returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHttpMethods

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetHttpMethods() CustconfHttpMethods`

GetHttpMethods returns the HttpMethods field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHttpMethodsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetHttpMethodsOk() (*CustconfHttpMethods, bool)`

GetHttpMethodsOk returns a tuple with the HttpMethods field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHttpMethods

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetHttpMethods(v CustconfHttpMethods)`

SetHttpMethods sets HttpMethods field to given value.

### HasHttpMethods

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasHttpMethods() bool`

HasHttpMethods returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOrigin

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOrigin() []CdncustconfOrigin`

GetOrigin returns the Origin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginOk() (*[]CdncustconfOrigin, bool)`

GetOriginOk returns a tuple with the Origin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrigin

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOrigin(v []CdncustconfOrigin)`

SetOrigin sets Origin field to given value.

### HasOrigin

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOrigin() bool`

HasOrigin returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPersistentConnections

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPersistentConnections() CustconfOriginPersistentConnections`

GetOriginPersistentConnections returns the OriginPersistentConnections field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPersistentConnectionsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPersistentConnectionsOk() (*CustconfOriginPersistentConnections, bool)`

GetOriginPersistentConnectionsOk returns a tuple with the OriginPersistentConnections field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPersistentConnections

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPersistentConnections(v CustconfOriginPersistentConnections)`

SetOriginPersistentConnections sets OriginPersistentConnections field to given value.

### HasOriginPersistentConnections

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPersistentConnections() bool`

HasOriginPersistentConnections returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPull() CustconfOriginPull`

GetOriginPull returns the OriginPull field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullOk() (*CustconfOriginPull, bool)`

GetOriginPullOk returns a tuple with the OriginPull field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPull(v CustconfOriginPull)`

SetOriginPull sets OriginPull field to given value.

### HasOriginPull

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPull() bool`

HasOriginPull returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullCacheExtension

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullCacheExtension() CustconfOriginPullCacheExtension`

GetOriginPullCacheExtension returns the OriginPullCacheExtension field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullCacheExtensionOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullCacheExtensionOk() (*CustconfOriginPullCacheExtension, bool)`

GetOriginPullCacheExtensionOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullCacheExtension field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullCacheExtension

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullCacheExtension(v CustconfOriginPullCacheExtension)`

SetOriginPullCacheExtension sets OriginPullCacheExtension field to given value.

### HasOriginPullCacheExtension

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullCacheExtension() bool`

HasOriginPullCacheExtension returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullHost() []CustconfOriginPullHost`

GetOriginPullHost returns the OriginPullHost field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullHostOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullHostOk() (*[]CustconfOriginPullHost, bool)`

GetOriginPullHostOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullHost field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullHost(v []CustconfOriginPullHost)`

SetOriginPullHost sets OriginPullHost field to given value.

### HasOriginPullHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullHost() bool`

HasOriginPullHost returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullProtocol

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullProtocol() CustconfOriginPullProtocol`

GetOriginPullProtocol returns the OriginPullProtocol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullProtocolOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullProtocolOk() (*CustconfOriginPullProtocol, bool)`

GetOriginPullProtocolOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullProtocol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullProtocol

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullProtocol(v CustconfOriginPullProtocol)`

SetOriginPullProtocol sets OriginPullProtocol field to given value.

### HasOriginPullProtocol

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullProtocol() bool`

HasOriginPullProtocol returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullLogs() CustconfOriginPullLogs`

GetOriginPullLogs returns the OriginPullLogs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullLogsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullLogsOk() (*CustconfOriginPullLogs, bool)`

GetOriginPullLogsOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullLogs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullLogs(v CustconfOriginPullLogs)`

SetOriginPullLogs sets OriginPullLogs field to given value.

### HasOriginPullLogs

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullLogs() bool`

HasOriginPullLogs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullLogsConfig() CustconfOriginPullLogsConfig`

GetOriginPullLogsConfig returns the OriginPullLogsConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullLogsConfigOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullLogsConfigOk() (*CustconfOriginPullLogsConfig, bool)`

GetOriginPullLogsConfigOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullLogsConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullLogsConfig(v CustconfOriginPullLogsConfig)`

SetOriginPullLogsConfig sets OriginPullLogsConfig field to given value.

### HasOriginPullLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullLogsConfig() bool`

HasOriginPullLogsConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullPolicy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullPolicy() []CustconfOriginPullPolicy`

GetOriginPullPolicy returns the OriginPullPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullPolicyOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullPolicyOk() (*[]CustconfOriginPullPolicy, bool)`

GetOriginPullPolicyOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullPolicy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullPolicy(v []CustconfOriginPullPolicy)`

SetOriginPullPolicy sets OriginPullPolicy field to given value.

### HasOriginPullPolicy

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullPolicy() bool`

HasOriginPullPolicy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginRequestModification() []CustconfOriginRequestModification`

GetOriginRequestModification returns the OriginRequestModification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginRequestModificationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginRequestModificationOk() (*[]CustconfOriginRequestModification, bool)`

GetOriginRequestModificationOk returns a tuple with the OriginRequestModification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginRequestModification(v []CustconfOriginRequestModification)`

SetOriginRequestModification sets OriginRequestModification field to given value.

### HasOriginRequestModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginRequestModification() bool`

HasOriginRequestModification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginResponseModification() []CustconfOriginResponseModification`

GetOriginResponseModification returns the OriginResponseModification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginResponseModificationOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginResponseModificationOk() (*[]CustconfOriginResponseModification, bool)`

GetOriginResponseModificationOk returns a tuple with the OriginResponseModification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginResponseModification(v []CustconfOriginResponseModification)`

SetOriginResponseModification sets OriginResponseModification field to given value.

### HasOriginResponseModification

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginResponseModification() bool`

HasOriginResponseModification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQueryStrParam

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetQueryStrParam() CustconfQueryStrParam`

GetQueryStrParam returns the QueryStrParam field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueryStrParamOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetQueryStrParamOk() (*CustconfQueryStrParam, bool)`

GetQueryStrParamOk returns a tuple with the QueryStrParam field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQueryStrParam

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetQueryStrParam(v CustconfQueryStrParam)`

SetQueryStrParam sets QueryStrParam field to given value.

### HasQueryStrParam

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasQueryStrParam() bool`

HasQueryStrParam returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReceiptLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetReceiptLogsConfig() CustconfReceiptLogsConfig`

GetReceiptLogsConfig returns the ReceiptLogsConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReceiptLogsConfigOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetReceiptLogsConfigOk() (*CustconfReceiptLogsConfig, bool)`

GetReceiptLogsConfigOk returns a tuple with the ReceiptLogsConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReceiptLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetReceiptLogsConfig(v CustconfReceiptLogsConfig)`

SetReceiptLogsConfig sets ReceiptLogsConfig field to given value.

### HasReceiptLogsConfig

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasReceiptLogsConfig() bool`

HasReceiptLogsConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRedirectExceptions

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRedirectExceptions() CustconfRedirectExceptions`

GetRedirectExceptions returns the RedirectExceptions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRedirectExceptionsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRedirectExceptionsOk() (*CustconfRedirectExceptions, bool)`

GetRedirectExceptionsOk returns a tuple with the RedirectExceptions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRedirectExceptions

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetRedirectExceptions(v CustconfRedirectExceptions)`

SetRedirectExceptions sets RedirectExceptions field to given value.

### HasRedirectExceptions

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasRedirectExceptions() bool`

HasRedirectExceptions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRedirectMappings

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRedirectMappings() []CustconfRedirectMappings`

GetRedirectMappings returns the RedirectMappings field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRedirectMappingsOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRedirectMappingsOk() (*[]CustconfRedirectMappings, bool)`

GetRedirectMappingsOk returns a tuple with the RedirectMappings field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRedirectMappings

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetRedirectMappings(v []CustconfRedirectMappings)`

SetRedirectMappings sets RedirectMappings field to given value.

### HasRedirectMappings

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasRedirectMappings() bool`

HasRedirectMappings returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResponseHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetResponseHeader() CustconfResponseHeader`

GetResponseHeader returns the ResponseHeader field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResponseHeaderOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetResponseHeaderOk() (*CustconfResponseHeader, bool)`

GetResponseHeaderOk returns a tuple with the ResponseHeader field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResponseHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetResponseHeader(v CustconfResponseHeader)`

SetResponseHeader sets ResponseHeader field to given value.

### HasResponseHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasResponseHeader() bool`

HasResponseHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOriginPullResumeDownload

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullResumeDownload() []CustconfOriginPullResumeDownload`

GetOriginPullResumeDownload returns the OriginPullResumeDownload field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginPullResumeDownloadOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetOriginPullResumeDownloadOk() (*[]CustconfOriginPullResumeDownload, bool)`

GetOriginPullResumeDownloadOk returns a tuple with the OriginPullResumeDownload field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOriginPullResumeDownload

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetOriginPullResumeDownload(v []CustconfOriginPullResumeDownload)`

SetOriginPullResumeDownload sets OriginPullResumeDownload field to given value.

### HasOriginPullResumeDownload

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasOriginPullResumeDownload() bool`

HasOriginPullResumeDownload returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRobotsTxt

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRobotsTxt() []CustconfRobotsTxt`

GetRobotsTxt returns the RobotsTxt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRobotsTxtOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetRobotsTxtOk() (*[]CustconfRobotsTxt, bool)`

GetRobotsTxtOk returns a tuple with the RobotsTxt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRobotsTxt

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetRobotsTxt(v []CustconfRobotsTxt)`

SetRobotsTxt sets RobotsTxt field to given value.

### HasRobotsTxt

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasRobotsTxt() bool`

HasRobotsTxt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4() []CustconfAwsSignedOriginPullV4`

GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4 returns the AwsSignedOriginPullV4 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4Ok

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4Ok() (*[]CustconfAwsSignedOriginPullV4, bool)`

GetAwsSignedOriginPullV4Ok returns a tuple with the AwsSignedOriginPullV4 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAwsSignedOriginPullV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAwsSignedOriginPullV4(v []CustconfAwsSignedOriginPullV4)`

SetAwsSignedOriginPullV4 sets AwsSignedOriginPullV4 field to given value.

### HasAwsSignedOriginPullV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAwsSignedOriginPullV4() bool`

HasAwsSignedOriginPullV4 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAwsSignedS3PostV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAwsSignedS3PostV4() []CustconfAwsSignedS3PostV4`

GetAwsSignedS3PostV4 returns the AwsSignedS3PostV4 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAwsSignedS3PostV4Ok

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetAwsSignedS3PostV4Ok() (*[]CustconfAwsSignedS3PostV4, bool)`

GetAwsSignedS3PostV4Ok returns a tuple with the AwsSignedS3PostV4 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAwsSignedS3PostV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetAwsSignedS3PostV4(v []CustconfAwsSignedS3PostV4)`

SetAwsSignedS3PostV4 sets AwsSignedS3PostV4 field to given value.

### HasAwsSignedS3PostV4

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasAwsSignedS3PostV4() bool`

HasAwsSignedS3PostV4 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStaticHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetStaticHeader() []CustconfStaticHeader`

GetStaticHeader returns the StaticHeader field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStaticHeaderOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetStaticHeaderOk() (*[]CustconfStaticHeader, bool)`

GetStaticHeaderOk returns a tuple with the StaticHeader field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStaticHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetStaticHeader(v []CustconfStaticHeader)`

SetStaticHeader sets StaticHeader field to given value.

### HasStaticHeader

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasStaticHeader() bool`

HasStaticHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimePseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetTimePseudoStreaming() CustconfTimePseudoStreaming`

GetTimePseudoStreaming returns the TimePseudoStreaming field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimePseudoStreamingOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetTimePseudoStreamingOk() (*CustconfTimePseudoStreaming, bool)`

GetTimePseudoStreamingOk returns a tuple with the TimePseudoStreaming field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimePseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetTimePseudoStreaming(v CustconfTimePseudoStreaming)`

SetTimePseudoStreaming sets TimePseudoStreaming field to given value.

### HasTimePseudoStreaming

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasTimePseudoStreaming() bool`

HasTimePseudoStreaming returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHttp2Support

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetHttp2Support() CustconfHttp2Support`

GetHttp2Support returns the Http2Support field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHttp2SupportOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetHttp2SupportOk() (*CustconfHttp2Support, bool)`

GetHttp2SupportOk returns a tuple with the Http2Support field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHttp2Support

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetHttp2Support(v CustconfHttp2Support)`

SetHttp2Support sets Http2Support field to given value.

### HasHttp2Support

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasHttp2Support() bool`

HasHttp2Support returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetVHost() []CustconfVHost`

GetVHost returns the VHost field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVHostOk

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) GetVHostOk() (*[]CustconfVHost, bool)`

GetVHostOk returns a tuple with the VHost field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) SetVHost(v []CustconfVHost)`

SetVHost sets VHost field to given value.

### HasVHost

`func (o *CustconfConfiguration) HasVHost() bool`

HasVHost returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


