# CustconfContentDispositionByURL

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | This is used by the API to perform conflict checking | [optional] 
**DispositionNameQSParam** | Pointer to **string** | This is the name of the query string parameter which contains the file name to use in the Content-Disposition header. This setting is typically used by customers to configure a \&quot;friendly name\&quot; for URLs that have obfuscated file names. | [optional] 
**DispositionTypeQSParam** | Pointer to **string** | This is the name of the query string parameter which contains the disposition type to use in the Content-Disposition header. Typically, this value is set to attachment if you want the browser to present the user with a \&quot;File Download\&quot; dialog box and set to inline if you want the browser to render the content inline (play an audio/video file instead of downloading it). | [optional] 
**DispositionOverrideQSParam** | Pointer to **string** | This setting allows you to define a query string parameter that when present in the URL contains a string that should be used for the Content-Disposition header. The string specified in the URL will completely replace the value the CDN would have used based on other policies defined for the Content-Disposition header. | [optional] 
**OverrideOriginHeader** | Pointer to **bool** | This setting allows you to force the Content-Disposition generated by the CDN for this policy to override the Content-Disposition header cached from your origin. | [optional] 
**Enabled** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCustconfContentDispositionByURL

`func NewCustconfContentDispositionByURL() *CustconfContentDispositionByURL`

NewCustconfContentDispositionByURL instantiates a new CustconfContentDispositionByURL object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCustconfContentDispositionByURLWithDefaults

`func NewCustconfContentDispositionByURLWithDefaults() *CustconfContentDispositionByURL`

NewCustconfContentDispositionByURLWithDefaults instantiates a new CustconfContentDispositionByURL object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDispositionNameQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionNameQSParam() string`

GetDispositionNameQSParam returns the DispositionNameQSParam field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDispositionNameQSParamOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionNameQSParamOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDispositionNameQSParamOk returns a tuple with the DispositionNameQSParam field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDispositionNameQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetDispositionNameQSParam(v string)`

SetDispositionNameQSParam sets DispositionNameQSParam field to given value.

### HasDispositionNameQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasDispositionNameQSParam() bool`

HasDispositionNameQSParam returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDispositionTypeQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionTypeQSParam() string`

GetDispositionTypeQSParam returns the DispositionTypeQSParam field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDispositionTypeQSParamOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionTypeQSParamOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDispositionTypeQSParamOk returns a tuple with the DispositionTypeQSParam field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDispositionTypeQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetDispositionTypeQSParam(v string)`

SetDispositionTypeQSParam sets DispositionTypeQSParam field to given value.

### HasDispositionTypeQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasDispositionTypeQSParam() bool`

HasDispositionTypeQSParam returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDispositionOverrideQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionOverrideQSParam() string`

GetDispositionOverrideQSParam returns the DispositionOverrideQSParam field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDispositionOverrideQSParamOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetDispositionOverrideQSParamOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDispositionOverrideQSParamOk returns a tuple with the DispositionOverrideQSParam field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDispositionOverrideQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetDispositionOverrideQSParam(v string)`

SetDispositionOverrideQSParam sets DispositionOverrideQSParam field to given value.

### HasDispositionOverrideQSParam

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasDispositionOverrideQSParam() bool`

HasDispositionOverrideQSParam returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOverrideOriginHeader

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetOverrideOriginHeader() bool`

GetOverrideOriginHeader returns the OverrideOriginHeader field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOverrideOriginHeaderOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetOverrideOriginHeaderOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetOverrideOriginHeaderOk returns a tuple with the OverrideOriginHeader field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOverrideOriginHeader

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetOverrideOriginHeader(v bool)`

SetOverrideOriginHeader sets OverrideOriginHeader field to given value.

### HasOverrideOriginHeader

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasOverrideOriginHeader() bool`

HasOverrideOriginHeader returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.

### HasEnabled

`func (o *CustconfContentDispositionByURL) HasEnabled() bool`

HasEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


